[Doc Improvement] Deprecation notice for Teams Together and Scene Studio in Developer portal (#14441)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/whats-new.md

Teams platform features that are available to all app developers.</br>

**2026 June**

> * ***June 22, 2026***: Custom Together Mode and Scene Studio in Teams Developer Portal are being deprecated as of June 30, 2026. For more information, see the [announcement](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/microsoft365insiderblog/goodbye-together-mode-hello-simplified-meeting-layouts-in-microsoft-teams/4519312).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***June 22, 2026***: Together Mode, including Custom Together Mode and Scene Studio in the Teams Developer Portal, is being deprecated as of June 30, 2026. For more information, see the [announcement](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/microsoft365insiderblog/goodbye-together-mode-hello-simplified-meeting-layouts-in-microsoft-teams/4519312).
```
